the baby who some girls are seeing is sleeping .	is the baby who some girls are seeing sleeping ?
all babies who the girl is getting have thought .	have all babies who the girl is getting thought ?
these boys who are thinking are thinking .	are these boys who are thinking thinking ?
a baby that is getting these babies is seeing the baby .	is a baby that is getting these babies seeing the baby ?
all girls who are playing have thought .	have all girls who are playing thought ?
all boys who do see the baby do play .	do all boys who do see the baby play ?
all girls that all babies are holding are talking .	are all girls that all babies are holding talking ?
the dog that is getting a baby did think .	did the dog that is getting a baby think ?
some babies who have thought did think .	did some babies who have thought think ?
the girl who those boys are seeing was playing .	was the girl who those boys are seeing playing ?
the baby who the girl did get has seen these dogs .	has the baby who the girl did get seen these dogs ?
those girls that the baby is helping have thought .	have those girls that the baby is helping thought ?
all dogs that the boy has hit have sat .	have all dogs that the boy has hit sat ?
a baby who a dog has gotten was getting the dog .	was a baby who a dog has gotten getting the dog ?
those babies that some girls do get have thought .	have those babies that some girls do get thought ?
some girls that some babies are getting have thought .	have some girls that some babies are getting thought ?
some babies who were sitting are calling all girls .	are some babies who were sitting calling all girls ?
a boy that these girls have helped has slept .	has a boy that these girls have helped slept ?
some babies who a baby had seen do see all babies .	do some babies who a baby had seen see all babies ?
these dogs that the baby has seen have played .	have these dogs that the baby has seen played ?
all babies that some boys have seen have slept .	have all babies that some boys have seen slept ?
those girls that are sleeping are thinking .	are those girls that are sleeping thinking ?
some girls who those babies have seen have waited .	have some girls who those babies have seen waited ?
some babies that are seeing all babies have known these babies .	have some babies that are seeing all babies known these babies ?
a dog that was playing has moved .	has a dog that was playing moved ?
the dog that some babies have known did sleep .	did the dog that some babies have known sleep ?
a girl who all babies have seen does think .	does a girl who all babies have seen think ?
a baby that these babies are getting does see these dogs .	does a baby that these babies are getting see these dogs ?
the boy that the boy has helped is waiting .	is the boy that the boy has helped waiting ?
a baby who all dogs are liking did see some dogs .	did a baby who all dogs are liking see some dogs ?
the boy that the baby is getting had seen some babies .	had the boy that the baby is getting seen some babies ?
the baby who is waiting is sleeping .	is the baby who is waiting sleeping ?
a boy that all dogs have gotten had called the boy .	had a boy that all dogs have gotten called the boy ?
the girl who is thinking had thought .	had the girl who is thinking thought ?
those dogs that are playing do get a baby .	do those dogs that are playing get a baby ?
those boys who all boys have gotten have seen a baby .	have those boys who all boys have gotten seen a baby ?
the baby that some babies do like has played .	has the baby that some babies do like played ?
the baby who has waited is getting a boy .	is the baby who has waited getting a boy ?
all girls who have known all girls have gotten the baby .	have all girls who have known all girls gotten the baby ?
the baby that all boys are seeing did sleep .	did the baby that all boys are seeing sleep ?
the girl who a dog has seen did sleep .	did the girl who a dog has seen sleep ?
a dog that some girls have seen is liking all girls .	is a dog that some girls have seen liking all girls ?
a baby who some boys are getting has seen all boys .	has a baby who some boys are getting seen all boys ?
those girls who are getting the baby are getting a baby .	are those girls who are getting the baby getting a baby ?
a baby that some babies were getting is thinking .	is a baby that some babies were getting thinking ?
a baby that was calling some girls is getting the boy .	is a baby that was calling some girls getting the boy ?
the baby that a girl had seen has seen some boys .	has the baby that a girl had seen seen some boys ?
the girl that all babies are liking does wait .	does the girl that all babies are liking wait ?
a dog that all babies did get is calling some girls .	is a dog that all babies did get calling some girls ?
these babies who a dog did know do sit .	do these babies who a dog did know sit ?
these boys that had helped some girls had thought .	had these boys that had helped some girls thought ?
a baby who a baby is seeing had seen the dog .	had a baby who a baby is seeing seen the dog ?
some babies that have known all girls do write .	do some babies that have known all girls write ?
these girls that do play are seeing the boy .	are these girls that do play seeing the boy ?
some babies that do play do move .	do some babies that do play move ?
all babies that the dog is seeing did like the girl .	did all babies that the dog is seeing like the girl ?
the dog that those girls do like is asking these babies .	is the dog that those girls do like asking these babies ?
some babies who the boy did know are thinking .	are some babies who the boy did know thinking ?
the dog that all babies did know did get a boy .	did the dog that all babies did know get a boy ?
some dogs that the girl has known did think .	did some dogs that the girl has known think ?
all babies that a girl did see have known those girls .	have all babies that a girl did see known those girls ?
some babies who some boys do get do know these babies .	do some babies who some boys do get know these babies ?
the girl that those babies are pushing had gotten a girl .	had the girl that those babies are pushing gotten a girl ?
some boys that are moving do call some babies .	do some boys that are moving call some babies ?
these girls that the baby has seen do think .	do these girls that the baby has seen think ?
the dog that had seen a boy had seen the baby .	had the dog that had seen a boy seen the baby ?
those babies who the girl is getting have waited .	have those babies who the girl is getting waited ?
the baby who is thinking did think .	did the baby who is thinking think ?
the baby who did play is thinking .	is the baby who did play thinking ?
a boy that is playing did get some girls .	did a boy that is playing get some girls ?
some babies who a baby was getting are playing .	are some babies who a baby was getting playing ?
a girl who some girls do know did write .	did a girl who some girls do know write ?
a baby that did think is playing .	is a baby that did think playing ?
a girl who is liking the girl did think .	did a girl who is liking the girl think ?
all boys that the dog has seen had played .	had all boys that the dog has seen played ?
a girl that is getting these babies is talking .	is a girl that is getting these babies talking ?
some boys that a boy was seeing do see a girl .	do some boys that a boy was seeing see a girl ?
every baby who was thinking has thought .	has every baby who was thinking thought ?
a girl that all dogs do get is writing .	is a girl that all dogs do get writing ?
some dogs that do think are thinking .	are some dogs that do think thinking ?
those boys that did think did know some babies .	did those boys that did think know some babies ?
a baby that all babies do see does call a boy .	does a baby that all babies do see call a boy ?
the girl that the boy had seen has thought .	has the girl that the boy had seen thought ?
the baby that a girl was seeing is playing .	is the baby that a girl was seeing playing ?
some babies that had thought did think .	did some babies that had thought think ?
the girl who a girl did get was sitting .	was the girl who a girl did get sitting ?
some boys who the boy is liking do play .	do some boys who the boy is liking play ?
a baby that some babies have known has talked .	has a baby that some babies have known talked ?
the baby that all girls are getting does think .	does the baby that all girls are getting think ?
the baby that has played had written .	had the baby that has played written ?
these babies who all babies were seeing are holding a boy .	are these babies who all babies were seeing holding a boy ?
some girls who these boys are liking do get those girls .	do some girls who these boys are liking get those girls ?
these babies that some dogs are seeing have known some babies .	have these babies that some dogs are seeing known some babies ?
these girls that do see a girl do think .	do these girls that do see a girl think ?
the boy that the baby is seeing had thought .	had the boy that the baby is seeing thought ?
the baby who does like those boys is writing .	is the baby who does like those boys writing ?
the boy who is pushing a girl is seeing all babies .	is the boy who is pushing a girl seeing all babies ?
the baby that has thought does get some boys .	does the baby that has thought get some boys ?
those boys that the baby has seen do think .	do those boys that the baby has seen think ?
some girls who have slept did see the boy .	did some girls who have slept see the boy ?
some boys who some babies were getting have gotten all dogs .	have some boys who some babies were getting gotten all dogs ?
the boy who a baby is liking has seen some boys .	has the boy who a baby is liking seen some boys ?
a dog that some babies do know was getting a boy .	was a dog that some babies do know getting a boy ?
some babies that have gotten some girls do think .	do some babies that have gotten some girls think ?
a baby that some girls were getting did play .	did a baby that some girls were getting play ?
the girl that the boy does help is seeing the dog .	is the girl that the boy does help seeing the dog ?
the baby who did know all babies has gotten all babies .	has the baby who did know all babies gotten all babies ?
the boy that the girl has gotten is sitting .	is the boy that the girl has gotten sitting ?
some dogs that a baby did know do push some girls .	do some dogs that a baby did know push some girls ?
the girl who did see the boy did see some babies .	did the girl who did see the boy see some babies ?
all babies that are pushing all babies are seeing some babies .	are all babies that are pushing all babies seeing some babies ?
the girl who all girls have seen did know some boys .	did the girl who all girls have seen know some boys ?
some dogs that the dog had gotten have gotten some babies .	have some dogs that the dog had gotten gotten some babies ?
a baby that a baby was getting does get the baby .	does a baby that a baby was getting get the baby ?
the girl who the dog is getting is crying .	is the girl who the dog is getting crying ?
all boys that some babies are asking do see all boys .	do all boys that some babies are asking see all boys ?
some babies who the baby had seen are seeing the baby .	are some babies who the baby had seen seeing the baby ?
some girls who those girls are seeing are writing .	are some girls who those girls are seeing writing ?
these babies that all babies were seeing have gotten some boys .	have these babies that all babies were seeing gotten some boys ?
the baby who all girls are seeing has thought .	has the baby who all girls are seeing thought ?
a boy that the baby did see does see those dogs .	does a boy that the baby did see see those dogs ?
the baby who these dogs were getting is seeing those girls .	is the baby who these dogs were getting seeing those girls ?
the baby who a baby had seen did wait .	did the baby who a baby had seen wait ?
a baby who those boys did see has known some girls .	has a baby who those boys did see known some girls ?
some babies who those babies did see are thinking .	are some babies who those babies did see thinking ?
the dog that is seeing some girls did get the girl .	did the dog that is seeing some girls get the girl ?
the girl who did see a girl has played .	has the girl who did see a girl played ?
a girl that has played had gotten a boy .	had a girl that has played gotten a boy ?
all girls who do sit are getting all boys .	are all girls who do sit getting all boys ?
a baby that the baby did like did play .	did a baby that the baby did like play ?
some girls who are liking a baby have called the baby .	have some girls who are liking a baby called the baby ?
the girl who is writing was helping some girls .	was the girl who is writing helping some girls ?
the girl who has asked all girls had seen a girl .	had the girl who has asked all girls seen a girl ?
all girls who are moving are waiting .	are all girls who are moving waiting ?
some girls that are sitting have seen the baby .	have some girls that are sitting seen the baby ?
those boys who those girls did know have called the boy .	have those boys who those girls did know called the boy ?
a baby who did think did like the baby .	did a baby who did think like the baby ?
the dog that some babies have gotten does think .	does the dog that some babies have gotten think ?
some babies that have gotten a dog did sit .	did some babies that have gotten a dog sit ?
the baby who some girls did see is sleeping .	is the baby who some girls did see sleeping ?
some girls that these dogs do get have seen the dog .	have some girls that these dogs do get seen the dog ?
some dogs that did like those boys have thought .	have some dogs that did like those boys thought ?
some babies that have moved are playing .	are some babies that have moved playing ?
some dogs that are liking the girl have gotten the baby .	have some dogs that are liking the girl gotten the baby ?
all girls who have stood have known those babies .	have all girls who have stood known those babies ?
the boy who those babies are getting was calling the baby .	was the boy who those babies are getting calling the baby ?
a girl who did think is thinking .	is a girl who did think thinking ?
the girl that is playing has seen those babies .	has the girl that is playing seen those babies ?
these babies who a baby has known do get all dogs .	do these babies who a baby has known get all dogs ?
the girl that some boys had seen did get a girl .	did the girl that some boys had seen get a girl ?
all girls that a baby was liking have gotten a girl .	have all girls that a baby was liking gotten a girl ?
some babies who all dogs do know did see all boys .	did some babies who all dogs do know see all boys ?
a boy who those girls do get is thinking .	is a boy who those girls do get thinking ?
a girl who some babies have seen did hold the baby .	did a girl who some babies have seen hold the baby ?
the baby who the girl does get did get the baby .	did the baby who the girl does get get the baby ?
a baby that is seeing all girls did play .	did a baby that is seeing all girls play ?
these boys who these boys are seeing have seen the girl .	have these boys who these boys are seeing seen the girl ?
a baby who some girls have seen is thinking .	is a baby who some girls have seen thinking ?
the baby who is thinking is thinking .	is the baby who is thinking thinking ?
those girls who the dog was seeing have gotten the dog .	have those girls who the dog was seeing gotten the dog ?
all dogs that do sleep have thought .	have all dogs that do sleep thought ?
the baby who some boys have known is thinking .	is the baby who some boys have known thinking ?
some boys who a boy did see are touching some boys .	are some boys who a boy did see touching some boys ?
a baby that is seeing all boys has thought .	has a baby that is seeing all boys thought ?
these babies who do sit are sitting .	are these babies who do sit sitting ?
some boys who the girl did know do think .	do some boys who the girl did know think ?
some boys who are seeing some babies do know some boys .	do some boys who are seeing some babies know some boys ?
the dog that does get a dog did play .	did the dog that does get a dog play ?
some dogs that the baby is holding have moved .	have some dogs that the baby is holding moved ?
a baby who was holding the dog had known the girl .	had a baby who was holding the dog known the girl ?
the dog that the baby did like has thought .	has the dog that the baby did like thought ?
a dog that these babies have known had thought .	had a dog that these babies have known thought ?
a boy who did know the girl had thought .	had a boy who did know the girl thought ?
some girls who the dog has hit are thinking .	are some girls who the dog has hit thinking ?
some babies that have gotten the girl have known all boys .	have some babies that have gotten the girl known all boys ?
all girls who a boy is seeing have known the baby .	have all girls who a boy is seeing known the baby ?
the girl that a dog has gotten has sat .	has the girl that a dog has gotten sat ?
a baby that the dog did see is seeing a baby .	is a baby that the dog did see seeing a baby ?
a baby that a baby is getting did see the girl .	did a baby that a baby is getting see the girl ?
a baby who is thinking is thinking .	is a baby who is thinking thinking ?
a boy who is seeing a girl was thinking .	was a boy who is seeing a girl thinking ?
a girl who has sat had gotten some babies .	had a girl who has sat gotten some babies ?
all girls who a dog is touching are seeing all babies .	are all girls who a dog is touching seeing all babies ?
all babies who those babies are seeing were liking the boy .	were all babies who those babies are seeing liking the boy ?
the boy that the boy is seeing had moved .	had the boy that the boy is seeing moved ?
a boy that the baby is getting did sit .	did a boy that the baby is getting sit ?
the girl who is holding some girls has talked .	has the girl who is holding some girls talked ?
all dogs that a girl has seen do think .	do all dogs that a girl has seen think ?
some girls who do play have known these dogs .	have some girls who do play known these dogs ?
those babies that some girls are calling had thought .	had those babies that some girls are calling thought ?
some girls that some boys have seen are calling a girl .	are some girls that some boys have seen calling a girl ?
the boy that all babies have seen is sleeping .	is the boy that all babies have seen sleeping ?
a baby who is thinking had gotten all boys .	had a baby who is thinking gotten all boys ?
a girl who a girl did see did think .	did a girl who a girl did see think ?
some boys who the baby had seen have gotten some babies .	have some boys who the baby had seen gotten some babies ?
the baby that a girl did like is seeing some babies .	is the baby that a girl did like seeing some babies ?
the girl who is seeing some dogs is seeing the girl .	is the girl who is seeing some dogs seeing the girl ?
a boy who did think has known those babies .	has a boy who did think known those babies ?
a dog that some boys are getting was sleeping .	was a dog that some boys are getting sleeping ?
a baby who a baby was liking does see a girl .	does a baby who a baby was liking see a girl ?
the baby who the baby was touching did see all girls .	did the baby who the baby was touching see all girls ?
these babies who those dogs are seeing do think .	do these babies who those dogs are seeing think ?
a baby that some babies are liking had known the boy .	had a baby that some babies are liking known the boy ?
some girls who these boys do get do hold the boy .	do some girls who these boys do get hold the boy ?
some babies that all babies are helping have thought .	have some babies that all babies are helping thought ?
a girl who all babies are seeing has seen a girl .	has a girl who all babies are seeing seen a girl ?
those boys that the baby did get do write .	do those boys that the baby did get write ?
the baby that did talk had thought .	had the baby that did talk thought ?
all babies who are sitting do think .	do all babies who are sitting think ?
the girl that the girl did help did get the baby .	did the girl that the girl did help get the baby ?
a baby who all girls have known was liking all babies .	was a baby who all girls have known liking all babies ?
the girl who has thought did play .	did the girl who has thought play ?
some dogs that some babies have called have seen all girls .	have some dogs that some babies have called seen all girls ?
the baby who a boy is seeing does see a girl .	does the baby who a boy is seeing see a girl ?
some girls who have asked the baby have talked .	have some girls who have asked the baby talked ?
some babies who some babies do see had touched the baby .	had some babies who some babies do see touched the baby ?
a boy that was seeing a boy is moving .	is a boy that was seeing a boy moving ?
some babies that the baby did get did think .	did some babies that the baby did get think ?
the boy that does get some babies does think .	does the boy that does get some babies think ?
a girl who a baby did like did get these babies .	did a girl who a baby did like get these babies ?
a boy who a girl has seen has thought .	has a boy who a girl has seen thought ?
a boy that some boys are seeing has gotten a baby .	has a boy that some boys are seeing gotten a baby ?
some dogs that each girl does see have talked .	have some dogs that each girl does see talked ?
those boys who some girls did see are sitting .	are those boys who some girls did see sitting ?
the baby that the boy is getting has seen some babies .	has the baby that the boy is getting seen some babies ?
all babies who the dog has seen have sat .	have all babies who the dog has seen sat ?
the baby who is standing did get these boys .	did the baby who is standing get these boys ?
some babies that these babies do know do get some girls .	do some babies that these babies do know get some girls ?
all boys who the baby is seeing did like a baby .	did all boys who the baby is seeing like a baby ?
all babies that some babies have gotten did sit .	did all babies that some babies have gotten sit ?
some babies who have thought have gotten the baby .	have some babies who have thought gotten the baby ?
the baby who some babies do like does know all babies .	does the baby who some babies do like know all babies ?
these girls who these babies have seen are thinking .	are these girls who these babies have seen thinking ?
a baby that the baby did see was getting these girls .	was a baby that the baby did see getting these girls ?
the boy that a girl has known had thought .	had the boy that a girl has known thought ?
a boy who those babies are seeing had played .	had a boy who those babies are seeing played ?
the boy that the boy has known is liking the baby .	is the boy that the boy has known liking the baby ?
a baby that a boy did know was seeing the dog .	was a baby that a boy did know seeing the dog ?
some babies that a baby had held have thought .	have some babies that a baby had held thought ?
these girls that all dogs did see have seen some dogs .	have these girls that all dogs did see seen some dogs ?
some babies who the boy has seen are crying .	are some babies who the boy has seen crying ?
some girls who the baby is calling are sleeping .	are some girls who the baby is calling sleeping ?
some boys who a baby did get have thought .	have some boys who a baby did get thought ?
some babies that the boy did see do wait .	do some babies that the boy did see wait ?
some boys who do think have thought .	have some boys who do think thought ?
the boy that a girl has seen has gotten a baby .	has the boy that a girl has seen gotten a baby ?
the baby who some babies are seeing has written .	has the baby who some babies are seeing written ?
the baby who has called all girls is thinking .	is the baby who has called all girls thinking ?
a baby who the girl is liking did sit .	did a baby who the girl is liking sit ?
a boy who is waiting did see those boys .	did a boy who is waiting see those boys ?
all boys who all babies are getting are seeing some babies .	are all boys who all babies are getting seeing some babies ?
all boys who the girl is seeing did write .	did all boys who the girl is seeing write ?
all boys that the baby did like are liking those girls .	are all boys that the baby did like liking those girls ?
a baby that the boy did get is sitting .	is a baby that the boy did get sitting ?
the baby that the girl did see did get these babies .	did the baby that the girl did see get these babies ?
all girls who the boy has gotten are seeing the dog .	are all girls who the boy has gotten seeing the dog ?
a girl that the dog did like has gotten some babies .	has a girl that the dog did like gotten some babies ?
some boys who a boy did see do think .	do some boys who a boy did see think ?
all girls that are writing have gotten some boys .	have all girls that are writing gotten some boys ?
some babies who the boy has held did play .	did some babies who the boy has held play ?
these boys that these babies are seeing are sitting .	are these boys that these babies are seeing sitting ?
the baby who did stand does wait .	does the baby who did stand wait ?
the boy that a baby does call has sat .	has the boy that a baby does call sat ?
all boys who all babies have held are thinking .	are all boys who all babies have held thinking ?
some babies who all dogs have seen did see some girls .	did some babies who all dogs have seen see some girls ?
the baby who some boys do like does know some girls .	does the baby who some boys do like know some girls ?
the boy who the baby is liking did see all babies .	did the boy who the baby is liking see all babies ?
a girl who some babies are seeing has known a dog .	has a girl who some babies are seeing known a dog ?
those girls that these babies have seen are liking some girls .	are those girls that these babies have seen liking some girls ?
some girls that the boy has gotten are thinking .	are some girls that the boy has gotten thinking ?
all girls who a boy did know have played .	have all girls who a boy did know played ?
a baby who did know these boys does see all babies .	does a baby who did know these boys see all babies ?
those dogs that a boy does get had gotten a boy .	had those dogs that a boy does get gotten a boy ?
those babies that were seeing these dogs were asking these boys .	were those babies that were seeing these dogs asking these boys ?
the girl who some babies did see does play .	does the girl who some babies did see play ?
a baby who the baby does see did see these boys .	did a baby who the baby does see see these boys ?
all babies who did know a girl have seen a baby .	have all babies who did know a girl seen a baby ?
these girls that the baby did see are thinking .	are these girls that the baby did see thinking ?
a dog that a boy has seen was getting these babies .	was a dog that a boy has seen getting these babies ?
all boys who all boys are getting are talking .	are all boys who all boys are getting talking ?
those babies who had played do move .	do those babies who had played move ?
some dogs that the boy has known did talk .	did some dogs that the boy has known talk ?
the boy who a baby did see did like the boy .	did the boy who a baby did see like the boy ?
some boys who a boy did like have played .	have some boys who a boy did like played ?
a boy who a boy did know is playing .	is a boy who a boy did know playing ?
some boys who do call some girls have gotten the girl .	have some boys who do call some girls gotten the girl ?
a girl that had thought was liking some girls .	was a girl that had thought liking some girls ?
these dogs that those girls do know have gotten some babies .	have these dogs that those girls do know gotten some babies ?
a boy who has seen the girl has written .	has a boy who has seen the girl written ?
those girls that have gotten some girls are asking some boys .	are those girls that have gotten some girls asking some boys ?
some babies who have played have thought .	have some babies who have played thought ?
some babies who all girls have known have thought .	have some babies who all girls have known thought ?
some dogs that do get the girl were waiting .	were some dogs that do get the girl waiting ?
a baby who the baby did see is seeing some girls .	is a baby who the baby did see seeing some girls ?
some babies that the girl is seeing did think .	did some babies that the girl is seeing think ?
some boys who some girls do see did think .	did some boys who some girls do see think ?
a baby that has known a baby is helping the baby .	is a baby that has known a baby helping the baby ?
the boy that some boys do know has held a boy .	has the boy that some boys do know held a boy ?
some boys that the boy did know do sit .	do some boys that the boy did know sit ?
some babies who are thinking have slept .	have some babies who are thinking slept ?
the baby that every baby was seeing had touched the boy .	had the baby that every baby was seeing touched the boy ?
the girl that the baby had seen is thinking .	is the girl that the baby had seen thinking ?
these boys that have thought did get some babies .	did these boys that have thought get some babies ?
all babies that are thinking do call a baby .	do all babies that are thinking call a baby ?
some babies that some boys do hold did know the baby .	did some babies that some boys do hold know the baby ?
all boys who the baby was seeing are sitting .	are all boys who the baby was seeing sitting ?
those girls that some dogs did see do think .	do those girls that some dogs did see think ?
those girls that have played do see the boy .	do those girls that have played see the boy ?
a baby that those babies have gotten had thought .	had a baby that those babies have gotten thought ?
a dog that a girl was seeing has thought .	has a dog that a girl was seeing thought ?
these babies who the boy is liking had known some babies .	had these babies who the boy is liking known some babies ?
those girls that the dog is seeing are moving .	are those girls that the dog is seeing moving ?
the girl who does play is playing .	is the girl who does play playing ?
these babies who a baby did see are seeing the baby .	are these babies who a baby did see seeing the baby ?
all babies who have seen a baby have seen some dogs .	have all babies who have seen a baby seen some dogs ?
the girl who the baby is pushing has thought .	has the girl who the baby is pushing thought ?
some babies who some babies do see have seen all babies .	have some babies who some babies do see seen all babies ?
some girls who did help the girl have seen the baby .	have some girls who did help the girl seen the baby ?
those babies that those dogs were seeing have played .	have those babies that those dogs were seeing played ?
all girls who some girls did touch have gotten these boys .	have all girls who some girls did touch gotten these boys ?
the baby that the baby has gotten is playing .	is the baby that the baby has gotten playing ?
the girl that a dog did get had sat .	had the girl that a dog did get sat ?
a boy that does hold all boys does hold the girl .	does a boy that does hold all boys hold the girl ?
some babies who a boy had seen are seeing some babies .	are some babies who a boy had seen seeing some babies ?
the girl who the baby is seeing did get the boy .	did the girl who the baby is seeing get the boy ?
a dog that the baby is seeing has thought .	has a dog that the baby is seeing thought ?
a boy who a boy does see is thinking .	is a boy who a boy does see thinking ?
all dogs that have seen the boy are liking these girls .	are all dogs that have seen the boy liking these girls ?
the baby that the boy did know was liking the baby .	was the baby that the boy did know liking the baby ?
all dogs that the boy has pushed are playing .	are all dogs that the boy has pushed playing ?
a girl that some babies are pushing is moving .	is a girl that some babies are pushing moving ?
the baby who a girl has gotten had thought .	had the baby who a girl has gotten thought ?
some boys who some girls do see are seeing these babies .	are some boys who some girls do see seeing these babies ?
these boys who do know these boys do think .	do these boys who do know these boys think ?
those boys that have seen some boys have gotten a boy .	have those boys that have seen some boys gotten a boy ?
the girl who did get a girl has gotten the girl .	has the girl who did get a girl gotten the girl ?
all girls that all babies have known have played .	have all girls that all babies have known played ?
the baby that all girls have seen is thinking .	is the baby that all girls have seen thinking ?
some girls who the dog has seen are liking some babies .	are some girls who the dog has seen liking some babies ?
the girl who some boys did see did know the girl .	did the girl who some boys did see know the girl ?
these babies who some boys did know do wait .	do these babies who some boys did know wait ?
the baby who did get all boys is playing .	is the baby who did get all boys playing ?
the baby that these girls are seeing does like the boy .	does the baby that these girls are seeing like the boy ?
those babies that some babies are getting are seeing all babies .	are those babies that some babies are getting seeing all babies ?
some babies who some boys have gotten did get some babies .	did some babies who some boys have gotten get some babies ?
some babies that do like a baby are writing .	are some babies that do like a baby writing ?
a baby who some babies have gotten did see these babies .	did a baby who some babies have gotten see these babies ?
a girl who those boys are seeing is asking the boy .	is a girl who those boys are seeing asking the boy ?
all girls who are liking all boys had thought .	had all girls who are liking all boys thought ?
a baby that is writing has seen the girl .	has a baby that is writing seen the girl ?
those babies who have seen all babies have gotten those boys .	have those babies who have seen all babies gotten those boys ?
a girl that the baby has seen does get the baby .	does a girl that the baby has seen get the baby ?
a baby that a girl is asking is thinking .	is a baby that a girl is asking thinking ?
the dog that did play had sat .	had the dog that did play sat ?
some babies that some babies do get did think .	did some babies that some babies do get think ?
the girl who has slept has seen all girls .	has the girl who has slept seen all girls ?
the boy that is seeing those dogs does know the boy .	does the boy that is seeing those dogs know the boy ?
some babies who some girls are seeing have sat .	have some babies who some girls are seeing sat ?
some boys that are standing do think .	do some boys that are standing think ?
a girl that the baby did get has played .	has a girl that the baby did get played ?
a boy who a dog is helping did see those girls .	did a boy who a dog is helping see those girls ?
a girl who does think is writing .	is a girl who does think writing ?
the girl that some babies do get is waiting .	is the girl that some babies do get waiting ?
all babies who all boys are seeing are sitting .	are all babies who all boys are seeing sitting ?
some babies who have seen the baby did talk .	did some babies who have seen the baby talk ?
some babies that the baby has called are sleeping .	are some babies that the baby has called sleeping ?
the baby who some babies have seen was thinking .	was the baby who some babies have seen thinking ?
those girls who the baby did see are liking some babies .	are those girls who the baby did see liking some babies ?
some boys who do know a girl did write .	did some boys who do know a girl write ?
all babies who a boy did know have seen these babies .	have all babies who a boy did know seen these babies ?
a girl that some girls are calling did see some boys .	did a girl that some girls are calling see some boys ?
some babies who some babies do see did know some babies .	did some babies who some babies do see know some babies ?
some babies who a baby had held are playing .	are some babies who a baby had held playing ?
the baby who the girl was seeing had gotten some dogs .	had the baby who the girl was seeing gotten some dogs ?
some girls who the baby had gotten do know these dogs .	do some girls who the baby had gotten know these dogs ?
some girls who are moving are getting some dogs .	are some girls who are moving getting some dogs ?
the baby that has thought was getting the baby .	was the baby that has thought getting the baby ?
the baby that had sat is getting the girl .	is the baby that had sat getting the girl ?
a girl that some babies do call had written .	had a girl that some babies do call written ?
these girls that some dogs have known do play .	do these girls that some dogs have known play ?
these girls who these babies do see are thinking .	are these girls who these babies do see thinking ?
the girl who had known some babies has played .	has the girl who had known some babies played ?
those babies who a boy has seen are thinking .	are those babies who a boy has seen thinking ?
all dogs that a baby does see were seeing some girls .	were all dogs that a baby does see seeing some girls ?
a girl that did know some girls did cry .	did a girl that did know some girls cry ?
the baby who some girls have seen had known the boy .	had the baby who some girls have seen known the boy ?
a baby that some boys do see had seen the baby .	had a baby that some boys do see seen the baby ?
those dogs that some dogs are getting are getting a baby .	are those dogs that some dogs are getting getting a baby ?
some girls who some babies do know do see the boy .	do some girls who some babies do know see the boy ?
some girls who the baby had seen have played .	have some girls who the baby had seen played ?
a dog that all girls are helping was seeing some girls .	was a dog that all girls are helping seeing some girls ?
a girl that some babies have gotten is getting the baby .	is a girl that some babies have gotten getting the baby ?
all babies that have thought have thought .	have all babies that have thought thought ?
a baby that is liking the baby did think .	did a baby that is liking the baby think ?
the baby that a boy did get has known all babies .	has the baby that a boy did get known all babies ?
a baby who a baby was seeing has asked the dog .	has a baby who a baby was seeing asked the dog ?
the girl that some girls have seen does like the boy .	does the girl that some girls have seen like the boy ?
all babies who some girls do know are crying .	are all babies who some girls do know crying ?
the boy that all babies have known did get these babies .	did the boy that all babies have known get these babies ?
some girls that are sitting have asked these babies .	have some girls that are sitting asked these babies ?
these babies that some babies are getting are thinking .	are these babies that some babies are getting thinking ?
some babies that some babies were touching did talk .	did some babies that some babies were touching talk ?
those babies who the dog is getting are thinking .	are those babies who the dog is getting thinking ?
some girls who are thinking have sat .	have some girls who are thinking sat ?
some babies that are waiting are sitting .	are some babies that are waiting sitting ?
a boy that a boy is seeing did like a baby .	did a boy that a boy is seeing like a baby ?
all boys that the baby did call have known those babies .	have all boys that the baby did call known those babies ?
some girls that have thought are getting some girls .	are some girls that have thought getting some girls ?
all boys that those babies have pushed were getting a girl .	were all boys that those babies have pushed getting a girl ?
some boys that some girls are getting are waiting .	are some boys that some girls are getting waiting ?
all babies that the boy did get have sat .	have all babies that the boy did get sat ?
the boy who some babies have seen is seeing a boy .	is the boy who some babies have seen seeing a boy ?
the baby who had seen a boy is playing .	is the baby who had seen a boy playing ?
some babies who have slept have seen some babies .	have some babies who have slept seen some babies ?
a girl that the baby did get is waiting .	is a girl that the baby did get waiting ?
a baby who is thinking does know those girls .	does a baby who is thinking know those girls ?
the baby that is waiting has slept .	has the baby that is waiting slept ?
some boys that have known a baby have thought .	have some boys that have known a baby thought ?
these babies that a baby has seen are talking .	are these babies that a baby has seen talking ?
a dog that a boy has gotten is playing .	is a dog that a boy has gotten playing ?
the baby who had waited does see these babies .	does the baby who had waited see these babies ?
a girl who some boys do get is thinking .	is a girl who some boys do get thinking ?
some babies who the baby was touching did wait .	did some babies who the baby was touching wait ?
the baby that the dog is seeing is getting the boy .	is the baby that the dog is seeing getting the boy ?
some babies that are standing do stand .	do some babies that are standing stand ?
the boy who some dogs do get has sat .	has the boy who some dogs do get sat ?
all boys who some boys have known have seen some girls .	have all boys who some boys have known seen some girls ?
the baby that is seeing a baby is sitting .	is the baby that is seeing a baby sitting ?
some girls who the baby is helping are thinking .	are some girls who the baby is helping thinking ?
all boys that the boy has known do think .	do all boys that the boy has known think ?
the baby who does like these babies is seeing some dogs .	is the baby who does like these babies seeing some dogs ?
a baby that some babies have gotten has seen a baby .	has a baby that some babies have gotten seen a baby ?
the boy that some babies are asking did see all girls .	did the boy that some babies are asking see all girls ?
some girls who some babies did get do like the baby .	do some girls who some babies did get like the baby ?
some girls who have seen some babies are calling a boy .	are some girls who have seen some babies calling a boy ?
the boy who the boy is getting has seen some girls .	has the boy who the boy is getting seen some girls ?
the baby who the baby does see does play .	does the baby who the baby does see play ?
the girl who has written is thinking .	is the girl who has written thinking ?
these girls who the girl does get had thought .	had these girls who the girl does get thought ?
all babies who do think do know the baby .	do all babies who do think know the baby ?
the baby that a girl has gotten did like a girl .	did the baby that a girl has gotten like a girl ?
a boy that some babies are seeing did think .	did a boy that some babies are seeing think ?
these boys who a boy is seeing do like the baby .	do these boys who a boy is seeing like the baby ?
all babies who a boy is helping were writing .	were all babies who a boy is helping writing ?
these babies who are standing did see the girl .	did these babies who are standing see the girl ?
some babies who some babies do like have known a boy .	have some babies who some babies do like known a boy ?
some babies who some babies have seen have asked those dogs .	have some babies who some babies have seen asked those dogs ?
those babies who a baby did know have seen the boy .	have those babies who a baby did know seen the boy ?
a baby that the baby has known has sat .	has a baby that the baby has known sat ?
all girls who these girls have known did call all boys .	did all girls who these girls have known call all boys ?
some dogs that are getting all girls had called all dogs .	had some dogs that are getting all girls called all dogs ?
those babies who are talking do wait .	do those babies who are talking wait ?
a baby who the boy is liking is liking a baby .	is a baby who the boy is liking liking a baby ?
the baby who the girl has known has gotten the dog .	has the baby who the girl has known gotten the dog ?
a baby that has played is liking a baby .	is a baby that has played liking a baby ?
a boy who is writing did see a baby .	did a boy who is writing see a baby ?
some girls who did sit have thought .	have some girls who did sit thought ?
the boy that all babies do know is getting some boys .	is the boy that all babies do know getting some boys ?
the dog that does hold a boy is liking those babies .	is the dog that does hold a boy liking those babies ?
the girl who the girl did know has called the dog .	has the girl who the girl did know called the dog ?
some boys that those babies have known have pushed some babies .	have some boys that those babies have known pushed some babies ?
those boys that some boys did know are sitting .	are those boys that some boys did know sitting ?
a baby who all girls are getting is thinking .	is a baby who all girls are getting thinking ?
the baby who did think did get a dog .	did the baby who did think get a dog ?
a dog that had known some girls is liking a baby .	is a dog that had known some girls liking a baby ?
some babies that some dogs have asked do call a girl .	do some babies that some dogs have asked call a girl ?
the girl who these girls did help does think .	does the girl who these girls did help think ?
those boys who do think were getting a boy .	were those boys who do think getting a boy ?
the boy who some babies do like was thinking .	was the boy who some babies do like thinking ?
the baby who had thought does sit .	does the baby who had thought sit ?
the girl that some babies are liking did talk .	did the girl that some babies are liking talk ?
all babies who some babies have called did think .	did all babies who some babies have called think ?
some boys that the boy does get do move .	do some boys that the boy does get move ?
the baby that had known some dogs is getting a girl .	is the baby that had known some dogs getting a girl ?
these babies that do play have talked .	have these babies that do play talked ?
the girl that the boy has called did know a boy .	did the girl that the boy has called know a boy ?
some babies who these babies do see do see some girls .	do some babies who these babies do see see some girls ?
a baby who a girl does call did think .	did a baby who a girl does call think ?
some girls who did think do get some babies .	do some girls who did think get some babies ?
the baby that those babies do get is thinking .	is the baby that those babies do get thinking ?
a boy who has held some boys had seen some babies .	had a boy who has held some boys seen some babies ?
all babies that do sit were standing .	were all babies that do sit standing ?
a baby who the boy does see was playing .	was a baby who the boy does see playing ?
a dog that the boy has known does write .	does a dog that the boy has known write ?
the girl that a girl is getting does think .	does the girl that a girl is getting think ?
the girl that a boy has seen has seen a girl .	has the girl that a boy has seen seen a girl ?
some babies that the baby does see did like some boys .	did some babies that the baby does see like some boys ?
all boys who all boys are seeing had seen some babies .	had all boys who all boys are seeing seen some babies ?
a girl who a girl has known is liking the dog .	is a girl who a girl has known liking the dog ?
the boy that is writing has known those babies .	has the boy that is writing known those babies ?
a boy who those babies are seeing had known some girls .	had a boy who those babies are seeing known some girls ?
some babies who have known the boy have known some boys .	have some babies who have known the boy known some boys ?
some girls that are holding a baby have thought .	have some girls that are holding a baby thought ?
the baby who does stand does play .	does the baby who does stand play ?
those babies who the baby has gotten are getting these boys .	are those babies who the baby has gotten getting these boys ?
the girl who did see some babies is thinking .	is the girl who did see some babies thinking ?
some boys who have played have thought .	have some boys who have played thought ?
a boy who the girl is getting did get the boy .	did a boy who the girl is getting get the boy ?
the boy that the boy does know did play .	did the boy that the boy does know play ?
a boy who those babies are seeing was thinking .	was a boy who those babies are seeing thinking ?
each boy that all girls were liking did think .	did each boy that all girls were liking think ?
some babies who do call those boys have gotten the girl .	have some babies who do call those boys gotten the girl ?
a baby that is liking the baby is seeing some boys .	is a baby that is liking the baby seeing some boys ?
the girl that has thought is sitting .	is the girl that has thought sitting ?
a girl who all girls are seeing had seen the dog .	had a girl who all girls are seeing seen the dog ?
the girl that has gotten some babies has thought .	has the girl that has gotten some babies thought ?
a dog that has seen the baby is thinking .	is a dog that has seen the baby thinking ?
some boys that all babies are seeing were thinking .	were some boys that all babies are seeing thinking ?
all girls who some girls do see are seeing some babies .	are all girls who some girls do see seeing some babies ?
those dogs that a baby did get are thinking .	are those dogs that a baby did get thinking ?
all boys that a baby has gotten did get a baby .	did all boys that a baby has gotten get a baby ?
the boy that those boys are seeing did see a baby .	did the boy that those boys are seeing see a baby ?
all girls that are thinking have thought .	have all girls that are thinking thought ?
the boy that some babies are seeing did get all dogs .	did the boy that some babies are seeing get all dogs ?
a baby that has known a girl has known all boys .	has a baby that has known a girl known all boys ?
a girl that the dog does know has stood .	has a girl that the dog does know stood ?
a girl who all babies were getting did play .	did a girl who all babies were getting play ?
the girl who these babies did see is holding the girl .	is the girl who these babies did see holding the girl ?
some girls that have seen the girl are liking some girls .	are some girls that have seen the girl liking some girls ?
some girls who do get the boy have written .	have some girls who do get the boy written ?
a baby that these girls are seeing is playing .	is a baby that these girls are seeing playing ?
some girls who all girls do know are sleeping .	are some girls who all girls do know sleeping ?
some babies that are talking have written .	have some babies that are talking written ?
the baby who some boys have seen does see all boys .	does the baby who some boys have seen see all boys ?
the boy that the boy is liking did get the baby .	did the boy that the boy is liking get the baby ?
some boys who did think do think .	do some boys who did think think ?
those girls who have thought did think .	did those girls who have thought think ?
some girls who a boy did know have seen a baby .	have some girls who a boy did know seen a baby ?
the girl who the boy does see had played .	had the girl who the boy does see played ?
those girls who a boy is seeing have seen these babies .	have those girls who a boy is seeing seen these babies ?
all babies that some girls have seen have thought .	have all babies that some girls have seen thought ?
these babies who the boy was seeing were playing .	were these babies who the boy was seeing playing ?
some babies that a boy has known have seen a boy .	have some babies that a boy has known seen a boy ?
the boy who is getting a baby has helped those girls .	has the boy who is getting a baby helped those girls ?
some babies who some babies did see have seen some babies .	have some babies who some babies did see seen some babies ?
all dogs that some boys do know are thinking .	are all dogs that some boys do know thinking ?
all girls who the baby is seeing had thought .	had all girls who the baby is seeing thought ?
those girls who are talking have known some babies .	have those girls who are talking known some babies ?
some girls that have seen a baby have played .	have some girls that have seen a baby played ?
the baby that the baby does get is playing .	is the baby that the baby does get playing ?
some boys who a baby is seeing are playing .	are some boys who a baby is seeing playing ?
the dog that did think did talk .	did the dog that did think talk ?
all babies that have gotten the boy are playing .	are all babies that have gotten the boy playing ?
a boy who some dogs have known has thought .	has a boy who some dogs have known thought ?
the boy who some babies had seen had seen the boy .	had the boy who some babies had seen seen the boy ?
all girls who some babies have seen do know the boy .	do all girls who some babies have seen know the boy ?
those girls that those babies are seeing do wait .	do those girls that those babies are seeing wait ?
a boy who those boys were getting has thought .	has a boy who those boys were getting thought ?
some boys who did sit are sleeping .	are some boys who did sit sleeping ?
those boys who the girl does see are seeing some babies .	are those boys who the girl does see seeing some babies ?
all babies who are talking have played .	have all babies who are talking played ?
these girls who are seeing all boys are thinking .	are these girls who are seeing all boys thinking ?
a girl who a baby did see has helped the baby .	has a girl who a baby did see helped the baby ?
all girls who some girls did touch do think .	do all girls who some girls did touch think ?
a girl who all babies are seeing did know some boys .	did a girl who all babies are seeing know some boys ?
a girl that all boys are seeing is thinking .	is a girl that all boys are seeing thinking ?
some babies who a girl has known did think .	did some babies who a girl has known think ?
all babies that do write did think .	did all babies that do write think ?
the boy who the baby is seeing has known the baby .	has the boy who the baby is seeing known the baby ?
the baby who a boy was getting had played .	had the baby who a boy was getting played ?
some babies who some girls have seen have thought .	have some babies who some girls have seen thought ?
a boy that a baby did see has gotten a baby .	has a boy that a baby did see gotten a baby ?
some boys who some dogs have gotten have known a girl .	have some boys who some dogs have gotten known a girl ?
all babies that the baby had seen are standing .	are all babies that the baby had seen standing ?
a girl that has seen all babies had thought .	had a girl that has seen all babies thought ?
these boys that a baby did know have written .	have these boys that a baby did know written ?
the boy who all dogs do know did get some girls .	did the boy who all dogs do know get some girls ?
the baby who had seen the baby did see the girl .	did the baby who had seen the baby see the girl ?
some babies who some babies did know are playing .	are some babies who some babies did know playing ?
some babies who a girl has gotten are playing .	are some babies who a girl has gotten playing ?
those boys that the baby does like have talked .	have those boys that the baby does like talked ?
the baby that had seen all babies had thought .	had the baby that had seen all babies thought ?
all girls who some girls have called do see a baby .	do all girls who some girls have called see a baby ?
those boys who did call the baby have played .	have those boys who did call the baby played ?
these babies who the boy had known are liking a baby .	are these babies who the boy had known liking a baby ?
the baby that the baby did like is thinking .	is the baby that the baby did like thinking ?
a baby that some boys do push had thought .	had a baby that some boys do push thought ?
some girls that are thinking do get a baby .	do some girls that are thinking get a baby ?
a boy that the girl does know was writing .	was a boy that the girl does know writing ?
all girls that all boys do like have sat .	have all girls that all boys do like sat ?
some babies that are waiting do get some boys .	do some babies that are waiting get some boys ?
the baby who the boy is getting did see all babies .	did the baby who the boy is getting see all babies ?
all girls that the baby has seen have waited .	have all girls that the baby has seen waited ?
those boys who are thinking do see the girl .	do those boys who are thinking see the girl ?
the baby who the baby was asking was thinking .	was the baby who the baby was asking thinking ?
those girls who the boy did like do sleep .	do those girls who the boy did like sleep ?
the dog that all babies have seen has thought .	has the dog that all babies have seen thought ?
those girls who the girl was getting have thought .	have those girls who the girl was getting thought ?
the baby who all babies have gotten is talking .	is the baby who all babies have gotten talking ?
the girl that has asked the boy is thinking .	is the girl that has asked the boy thinking ?
the girl that a dog is getting did get a dog .	did the girl that a dog is getting get a dog ?
some girls that are thinking do think .	do some girls that are thinking think ?
a baby who these dogs did get has played .	has a baby who these dogs did get played ?
a girl who has played has gotten the baby .	has a girl who has played gotten the baby ?
those dogs that were seeing the boy had seen the baby .	had those dogs that were seeing the boy seen the baby ?
all babies who these babies have helped do call the girl .	do all babies who these babies have helped call the girl ?
the girl who all girls do get had played .	had the girl who all girls do get played ?
the baby who some babies have seen did get a boy .	did the baby who some babies have seen get a boy ?
the dog that some boys do know did get some boys .	did the dog that some boys do know get some boys ?
some babies that a baby has gotten are standing .	are some babies that a baby has gotten standing ?
a baby that a boy has held does help the baby .	does a baby that a boy has held help the baby ?
the dog that some girls were liking did sleep .	did the dog that some girls were liking sleep ?
all babies who the baby is liking have sat .	have all babies who the baby is liking sat ?
the girl that the baby is liking has gotten all babies .	has the girl that the baby is liking gotten all babies ?
all babies that a dog did like have known a baby .	have all babies that a dog did like known a baby ?
a baby that those dogs have seen did call the dog .	did a baby that those dogs have seen call the dog ?
all boys who do think do think .	do all boys who do think think ?
a girl who has thought did like some babies .	did a girl who has thought like some babies ?
some babies who had gotten those girls are seeing some babies .	are some babies who had gotten those girls seeing some babies ?
some boys who all boys do know have seen all babies .	have some boys who all boys do know seen all babies ?
the boy who the girl is seeing is getting a baby .	is the boy who the girl is seeing getting a baby ?
a dog that is seeing a girl is seeing all boys .	is a dog that is seeing a girl seeing all boys ?
the baby that the baby did like was seeing all babies .	was the baby that the baby did like seeing all babies ?
a girl who all boys are holding did know some babies .	did a girl who all boys are holding know some babies ?
the baby that did see the baby did see a boy .	did the baby that did see the baby see a boy ?
the dog that all babies were getting did play .	did the dog that all babies were getting play ?
all boys who some girls have gotten did think .	did all boys who some girls have gotten think ?
some girls who did get all babies are thinking .	are some girls who did get all babies thinking ?
a girl that those boys were getting is seeing all boys .	is a girl that those boys were getting seeing all boys ?
these girls who did think did get those girls .	did these girls who did think get those girls ?
some boys that have known a girl have known all babies .	have some boys that have known a girl known all babies ?
a dog that had asked the boy had thought .	had a dog that had asked the boy thought ?
the baby that did play did think .	did the baby that did play think ?
a baby who was getting the baby was liking all boys .	was a baby who was getting the baby liking all boys ?
the baby who is seeing some girls does sit .	does the baby who is seeing some girls sit ?
a baby that some dogs do see is sleeping .	is a baby that some dogs do see sleeping ?
the baby who the girl is calling does wait .	does the baby who the girl is calling wait ?
a dog that some babies do like was seeing a baby .	was a dog that some babies do like seeing a baby ?
all babies who are seeing the boy do think .	do all babies who are seeing the boy think ?
the baby who has gotten a baby is liking all girls .	is the baby who has gotten a baby liking all girls ?
a baby that is thinking is seeing the girl .	is a baby that is thinking seeing the girl ?
all boys who the baby did see were liking the baby .	were all boys who the baby did see liking the baby ?
the boy who had talked was talking .	was the boy who had talked talking ?
all dogs that these boys do like are thinking .	are all dogs that these boys do like thinking ?
the boy who the boy is seeing does know some girls .	does the boy who the boy is seeing know some girls ?
the girl who those girls are seeing has known a dog .	has the girl who those girls are seeing known a dog ?
all girls that the boy had seen do like a girl .	do all girls that the boy had seen like a girl ?
some girls that the girl has known have gotten some babies .	have some girls that the girl has known gotten some babies ?
a girl that did know all boys had gotten some babies .	had a girl that did know all boys gotten some babies ?
all babies that some girls are getting do talk .	do all babies that some girls are getting talk ?
a baby who does see a boy has thought .	has a baby who does see a boy thought ?
all babies that some girls are calling are seeing these girls .	are all babies that some girls are calling seeing these girls ?
some boys that a boy is seeing did move .	did some boys that a boy is seeing move ?
the baby who all babies have gotten has written .	has the baby who all babies have gotten written ?
a boy who the boy does like did like these boys .	did a boy who the boy does like like these boys ?
some girls who have seen those babies have sat .	have some girls who have seen those babies sat ?
the dog that these babies did see has known all boys .	has the dog that these babies did see known all boys ?
all babies that have thought have known the baby .	have all babies that have thought known the baby ?
the dog that all babies were seeing did see all girls .	did the dog that all babies were seeing see all girls ?
these girls that have called a baby do get some boys .	do these girls that have called a baby get some boys ?
each girl that some boys have known is writing .	is each girl that some boys have known writing ?
those girls who have slept have talked .	have those girls who have slept talked ?
the baby that a baby did know is getting the baby .	is the baby that a baby did know getting the baby ?
the baby who a girl has held did think .	did the baby who a girl has held think ?
the boy who the baby was liking did see these boys .	did the boy who the baby was liking see these boys ?
a dog that does get the boy did get the girl .	did a dog that does get the boy get the girl ?
some boys that have known the dog have gotten all babies .	have some boys that have known the dog gotten all babies ?
these girls who some babies have gotten are talking .	are these girls who some babies have gotten talking ?
some babies who some babies have gotten are thinking .	are some babies who some babies have gotten thinking ?
the baby who had slept had played .	had the baby who had slept played ?
a girl who a girl was helping was seeing some babies .	was a girl who a girl was helping seeing some babies ?
a girl who a girl has gotten had seen a girl .	had a girl who a girl has gotten seen a girl ?
some babies that have played do wait .	do some babies that have played wait ?
the boy who a dog did like did see a girl .	did the boy who a dog did like see a girl ?
the baby that some babies do like did like those boys .	did the baby that some babies do like like those boys ?
a baby who is seeing the boy is seeing the boy .	is a baby who is seeing the boy seeing the boy ?
these boys that are seeing the baby do think .	do these boys that are seeing the baby think ?
the girl who a baby was asking has seen the girl .	has the girl who a baby was asking seen the girl ?
a baby that does sit had known all babies .	had a baby that does sit known all babies ?
those babies that a baby is seeing are writing .	are those babies that a baby is seeing writing ?
the baby who some babies are seeing is thinking .	is the baby who some babies are seeing thinking ?
a baby who some dogs have known did see these girls .	did a baby who some dogs have known see these girls ?
some babies who the boy has seen have gotten a baby .	have some babies who the boy has seen gotten a baby ?
some girls that are seeing a baby did see some babies .	did some girls that are seeing a baby see some babies ?
some girls that all boys are getting were thinking .	were some girls that all boys are getting thinking ?
these girls who some babies have seen are holding the girl .	are these girls who some babies have seen holding the girl ?
the boy that the baby did see did like the baby .	did the boy that the baby did see like the baby ?
a girl who some girls are seeing does get the boy .	does a girl who some girls are seeing get the boy ?
a girl that the baby does know had seen the baby .	had a girl that the baby does know seen the baby ?
the baby who the dog did know had played .	had the baby who the dog did know played ?
a girl who the girl is seeing is playing .	is a girl who the girl is seeing playing ?
a boy that the baby does see is thinking .	is a boy that the baby does see thinking ?
a baby that does write had thought .	had a baby that does write thought ?
some babies that a baby is pushing did like the girl .	did some babies that a baby is pushing like the girl ?
all girls who the girl did know did know those babies .	did all girls who the girl did know know those babies ?
the baby that these boys have known was thinking .	was the baby that these boys have known thinking ?
all girls who are seeing those boys were getting some boys .	were all girls who are seeing those boys getting some boys ?
some boys who have sat do play .	do some boys who have sat play ?
the girl that all babies are getting had played .	had the girl that all babies are getting played ?
some boys that some babies have seen have seen some dogs .	have some boys that some babies have seen seen some dogs ?
those boys who did write have thought .	have those boys who did write thought ?
these babies who all babies do get are thinking .	are these babies who all babies do get thinking ?
the boy that some dogs are liking did see a girl .	did the boy that some dogs are liking see a girl ?
the baby that some boys were liking does play .	does the baby that some boys were liking play ?
some girls who all dogs do like have known these boys .	have some girls who all dogs do like known these boys ?
the boy that does play does think .	does the boy that does play think ?
a baby who was seeing the boy had known a boy .	had a baby who was seeing the boy known a boy ?
the baby that the baby does know has held all dogs .	has the baby that the baby does know held all dogs ?
the baby who a baby did see had moved .	had the baby who a baby did see moved ?
the boy who a girl is liking is thinking .	is the boy who a girl is liking thinking ?
the girl that some babies are seeing did help a baby .	did the girl that some babies are seeing help a baby ?
the baby who those girls are seeing did know some babies .	did the baby who those girls are seeing know some babies ?
those girls that have thought have played .	have those girls that have thought played ?
the baby who has slept is holding some boys .	is the baby who has slept holding some boys ?
a baby who some babies are liking did get all girls .	did a baby who some babies are liking get all girls ?
some babies that these girls are seeing are writing .	are some babies that these girls are seeing writing ?
all dogs that a baby is asking do like those babies .	do all dogs that a baby is asking like those babies ?
a baby that had seen the girl did see these girls .	did a baby that had seen the girl see these girls ?
the dog that had gotten a baby has seen some girls .	has the dog that had gotten a baby seen some girls ?
some boys that these dogs are calling are seeing all dogs .	are some boys that these dogs are calling seeing all dogs ?
the baby who the baby is helping does get the girl .	does the baby who the baby is helping get the girl ?
all girls who have seen some dogs have known all girls .	have all girls who have seen some dogs known all girls ?
these babies that all girls have gotten have gotten the girl .	have these babies that all girls have gotten gotten the girl ?
the girl that has thought did see the boy .	did the girl that has thought see the boy ?
the boy that those girls do get does cry .	does the boy that those girls do get cry ?
the girl that does sleep had played .	had the girl that does sleep played ?
all dogs that are seeing the dog did get all boys .	did all dogs that are seeing the dog get all boys ?
these babies that had waited have known the baby .	have these babies that had waited known the baby ?
these boys that a girl did like have talked .	have these boys that a girl did like talked ?
the girl who the boy does see did know these babies .	did the girl who the boy does see know these babies ?
the baby who is playing does stand .	does the baby who is playing stand ?
these dogs that all babies are seeing did think .	did these dogs that all babies are seeing think ?
the girl who the baby does know had known some babies .	had the girl who the baby does know known some babies ?
the dog that does know the baby is thinking .	is the dog that does know the baby thinking ?
a baby that those dogs have known has called a boy .	has a baby that those dogs have known called a boy ?
all babies that all babies are seeing are seeing the boy .	are all babies that all babies are seeing seeing the boy ?
the baby that is seeing these boys has thought .	has the baby that is seeing these boys thought ?
some dogs that some babies do see do sleep .	do some dogs that some babies do see sleep ?
all girls that have thought have thought .	have all girls that have thought thought ?
some girls who the dog is seeing did know all girls .	did some girls who the dog is seeing know all girls ?
some girls who the girl does see do move .	do some girls who the girl does see move ?
a dog that the girl is getting did see the boy .	did a dog that the girl is getting see the boy ?
the baby that some babies have seen was calling these babies .	was the baby that some babies have seen calling these babies ?
all boys that some girls are seeing do know these boys .	do all boys that some girls are seeing know these boys ?
some dogs that are thinking are seeing the girl .	are some dogs that are thinking seeing the girl ?
a baby that did think is seeing some babies .	is a baby that did think seeing some babies ?
all babies who have known some girls have gotten the baby .	have all babies who have known some girls gotten the baby ?
these dogs that do know all babies do get some boys .	do these dogs that do know all babies get some boys ?
these girls who those girls have known had sat .	had these girls who those girls have known sat ?
these babies who have played have thought .	have these babies who have played thought ?
some babies that did sleep are getting a baby .	are some babies that did sleep getting a baby ?
the boy that a baby is asking is thinking .	is the boy that a baby is asking thinking ?
the girl who did get a baby has seen some boys .	has the girl who did get a baby seen some boys ?
the girl that does think did get those girls .	did the girl that does think get those girls ?
those boys that those babies are seeing have seen these babies .	have those boys that those babies are seeing seen these babies ?
a girl who is seeing the baby did know the baby .	did a girl who is seeing the baby know the baby ?
some dogs that some babies do see are calling these babies .	are some dogs that some babies do see calling these babies ?
all girls who all girls did see have written .	have all girls who all girls did see written ?
the baby who the boy does know was thinking .	was the baby who the boy does know thinking ?
those boys who the girl did get do touch a baby .	do those boys who the girl did get touch a baby ?
a boy that some babies did see did play .	did a boy that some babies did see play ?
a girl who the boy does get is thinking .	is a girl who the boy does get thinking ?
the baby that is thinking has seen the boy .	has the baby that is thinking seen the boy ?
a boy who some boys are getting is seeing some boys .	is a boy who some boys are getting seeing some boys ?
some girls who those girls are liking did play .	did some girls who those girls are liking play ?
all babies that a baby was getting have sat .	have all babies that a baby was getting sat ?
those girls who the baby is getting are thinking .	are those girls who the baby is getting thinking ?
all babies that all babies do know are thinking .	are all babies that all babies do know thinking ?
the baby that did think has known a baby .	has the baby that did think known a baby ?
those babies that some girls are calling have seen some babies .	have those babies that some girls are calling seen some babies ?
a girl that has thought did like those dogs .	did a girl that has thought like those dogs ?
a baby who a baby did help is seeing those dogs .	is a baby who a baby did help seeing those dogs ?
a boy that the boy has known does get a dog .	does a boy that the boy has known get a dog ?
all dogs that did see some babies do call the girl .	do all dogs that did see some babies call the girl ?
these girls who are liking the baby are thinking .	are these girls who are liking the baby thinking ?
the girl who these babies have seen is thinking .	is the girl who these babies have seen thinking ?
a dog that these babies did get is waiting .	is a dog that these babies did get waiting ?
the boy who some babies did get is thinking .	is the boy who some babies did get thinking ?
the baby who all boys are asking had held these girls .	had the baby who all boys are asking held these girls ?
some boys that the baby had known do write .	do some boys that the baby had known write ?
a baby who had seen these babies did get the girl .	did a baby who had seen these babies get the girl ?
the baby who some dogs are getting had seen some boys .	had the baby who some dogs are getting seen some boys ?
some dogs that a baby was helping did think .	did some dogs that a baby was helping think ?
a boy that is seeing a girl does get some dogs .	does a boy that is seeing a girl get some dogs ?
all boys that some boys have known are seeing some girls .	are all boys that some boys have known seeing some girls ?
the baby that the girl is liking did wait .	did the baby that the girl is liking wait ?
a girl that a dog does see is seeing all boys .	is a girl that a dog does see seeing all boys ?
the girl who some girls are holding did get some babies .	did the girl who some girls are holding get some babies ?
some boys that a baby is seeing do call all girls .	do some boys that a baby is seeing call all girls ?
a boy that the boy has known has pushed the boy .	has a boy that the boy has known pushed the boy ?
a baby that all boys do know did know a baby .	did a baby that all boys do know know a baby ?
some girls that some dogs are seeing did see all girls .	did some girls that some dogs are seeing see all girls ?
some boys that a boy did know did know a boy .	did some boys that a boy did know know a boy ?
some babies who did stand did know some babies .	did some babies who did stand know some babies ?
a girl that a dog did see did get a boy .	did a girl that a dog did see get a boy ?
a girl who a baby has seen did think .	did a girl who a baby has seen think ?
the girl who did think is seeing some girls .	is the girl who did think seeing some girls ?
some girls who did hold a baby do call a boy .	do some girls who did hold a baby call a boy ?
these babies who the dog is touching have played .	have these babies who the dog is touching played ?
those babies that did think are thinking .	are those babies that did think thinking ?
some babies that the baby is liking did know the baby .	did some babies that the baby is liking know the baby ?
a dog that all girls are asking has thought .	has a dog that all girls are asking thought ?
some babies that the baby had gotten do sleep .	do some babies that the baby had gotten sleep ?
a dog that a boy is calling had gotten the girl .	had a dog that a boy is calling gotten the girl ?
a girl that all babies do see did get the baby .	did a girl that all babies do see get the baby ?
the baby who some babies are seeing did think .	did the baby who some babies are seeing think ?
all dogs that some babies do get have played .	have all dogs that some babies do get played ?
the baby that had moved is talking .	is the baby that had moved talking ?
a baby that a girl is getting has sat .	has a baby that a girl is getting sat ?
the baby that these girls have seen does know the baby .	does the baby that these girls have seen know the baby ?
some boys who the baby has gotten are seeing the girl .	are some boys who the baby has gotten seeing the girl ?
some babies who the boy was getting are seeing some boys .	are some babies who the boy was getting seeing some boys ?
the baby who the boy is getting is holding the girl .	is the baby who the boy is getting holding the girl ?
some babies who some babies are getting do talk .	do some babies who some babies are getting talk ?
these boys that are liking the girl are talking .	are these boys that are liking the girl talking ?
some boys who some babies do see are seeing a boy .	are some boys who some babies do see seeing a boy ?
the girl that a girl is seeing had moved .	had the girl that a girl is seeing moved ?
all babies who all dogs did know did think .	did all babies who all dogs did know think ?
these boys that have thought have thought .	have these boys that have thought thought ?
some boys that some babies had gotten have known some babies .	have some boys that some babies had gotten known some babies ?
some girls that a baby does see are writing .	are some girls that a baby does see writing ?
some babies that all boys are seeing are seeing some dogs .	are some babies that all boys are seeing seeing some dogs ?
some babies who a baby did see have thought .	have some babies who a baby did see thought ?
the baby who a girl has known was standing .	was the baby who a girl has known standing ?
some girls that the baby had helped are thinking .	are some girls that the baby had helped thinking ?
those dogs that all dogs are seeing have seen a boy .	have those dogs that all dogs are seeing seen a boy ?
the baby that a baby is pushing is seeing the boy .	is the baby that a baby is pushing seeing the boy ?
all boys who a baby was seeing are sitting .	are all boys who a baby was seeing sitting ?
the baby that a girl is asking has known a baby .	has the baby that a girl is asking known a baby ?
all boys that a boy was pushing have played .	have all boys that a boy was pushing played ?
the boy who is seeing these girls is getting all girls .	is the boy who is seeing these girls getting all girls ?
all girls who do call a boy have seen those boys .	have all girls who do call a boy seen those boys ?
a boy that some boys do call is playing .	is a boy that some boys do call playing ?
the baby who the baby was holding has known the boy .	has the baby who the baby was holding known the boy ?
all boys that the girl did hold have thought .	have all boys that the girl did hold thought ?
some babies who are sleeping did get a boy .	did some babies who are sleeping get a boy ?
a baby that does help all boys is asking the girl .	is a baby that does help all boys asking the girl ?
the baby that a girl is seeing had moved .	had the baby that a girl is seeing moved ?
some girls that these boys do see have thought .	have some girls that these boys do see thought ?
the baby that those babies have touched has played .	has the baby that those babies have touched played ?
the baby who all babies do see did think .	did the baby who all babies do see think ?
those babies who some babies have known have talked .	have those babies who some babies have known talked ?
some boys that some girls do see did sit .	did some boys that some girls do see sit ?
the girl who these boys are seeing is thinking .	is the girl who these boys are seeing thinking ?
these girls who are thinking do think .	do these girls who are thinking think ?
a baby that did get some boys has thought .	has a baby that did get some boys thought ?
a boy that was seeing those babies has seen all babies .	has a boy that was seeing those babies seen all babies ?
the girl who the girl has seen has known the girl .	has the girl who the girl has seen known the girl ?
some boys that the girl does like do play .	do some boys that the girl does like play ?
the girl that a baby is pushing does think .	does the girl that a baby is pushing think ?
the dog that the baby did see is asking the baby .	is the dog that the baby did see asking the baby ?
all babies that the baby does see did get all dogs .	did all babies that the baby does see get all dogs ?
the baby who a girl did get is talking .	is the baby who a girl did get talking ?
these babies who have slept did stand .	did these babies who have slept stand ?
the baby who had thought did sit .	did the baby who had thought sit ?
some dogs that have talked do hold a baby .	do some dogs that have talked hold a baby ?
a dog that a boy is calling had hit all girls .	had a dog that a boy is calling hit all girls ?
the girl who those babies did push is thinking .	is the girl who those babies did push thinking ?
these dogs that the baby has gotten are seeing some boys .	are these dogs that the baby has gotten seeing some boys ?
some babies who all girls did know are sitting .	are some babies who all girls did know sitting ?
a boy that is liking some girls was thinking .	was a boy that is liking some girls thinking ?
some girls that had seen a baby are standing .	are some girls that had seen a baby standing ?
the boy who does know the baby did see some boys .	did the boy who does know the baby see some boys ?
these boys that a baby did see were helping a baby .	were these boys that a baby did see helping a baby ?
these girls who the boy does like do know the girl .	do these girls who the boy does like know the girl ?
the baby that is seeing a baby had gotten the baby .	had the baby that is seeing a baby gotten the baby ?
the girl who does talk is holding some babies .	is the girl who does talk holding some babies ?
a girl who is writing has written .	has a girl who is writing written ?
the boy that is thinking is thinking .	is the boy that is thinking thinking ?
a dog that all boys are getting is seeing the dog .	is a dog that all boys are getting seeing the dog ?
the baby who the boy is pushing did see these babies .	did the baby who the boy is pushing see these babies ?
some girls that have thought are seeing the boy .	are some girls that have thought seeing the boy ?
the baby that those dogs do see has seen a baby .	has the baby that those dogs do see seen a baby ?
all dogs that the girl has pushed have seen the girl .	have all dogs that the girl has pushed seen the girl ?
all boys that are seeing these boys have known some babies .	have all boys that are seeing these boys known some babies ?
all dogs that some boys are pushing do move .	do all dogs that some boys are pushing move ?
some babies who the boy is seeing have gotten the girl .	have some babies who the boy is seeing gotten the girl ?
some babies who do think did know these boys .	did some babies who do think know these boys ?
the boy who some dogs are calling does think .	does the boy who some dogs are calling think ?
those dogs that did play did know all girls .	did those dogs that did play know all girls ?
the boy that all boys did know was asking a girl .	was the boy that all boys did know asking a girl ?
these girls who are liking some babies have gotten the baby .	have these girls who are liking some babies gotten the baby ?
some girls who the girl did see have helped the dog .	have some girls who the girl did see helped the dog ?
some dogs that were liking the boy are getting these babies .	are some dogs that were liking the boy getting these babies ?
some boys who a baby has seen are crying .	are some boys who a baby has seen crying ?
the baby who was thinking did like a girl .	did the baby who was thinking like a girl ?
all babies who do think are liking a baby .	are all babies who do think liking a baby ?
the baby who the baby is seeing was standing .	was the baby who the baby is seeing standing ?
those babies that do sleep were playing .	were those babies that do sleep playing ?
a baby who is playing did sit .	did a baby who is playing sit ?
those babies that these babies do see are pushing all babies .	are those babies that these babies do see pushing all babies ?
some girls who had called some girls do know a boy .	do some girls who had called some girls know a boy ?
all boys who have known the baby do like the girl .	do all boys who have known the baby like the girl ?
a boy that all babies were seeing did play .	did a boy that all babies were seeing play ?
the dog that all girls do call did see some dogs .	did the dog that all girls do call see some dogs ?
these boys that are seeing these boys do think .	do these boys that are seeing these boys think ?
a baby who is holding some babies does think .	does a baby who is holding some babies think ?
those boys who the baby is calling do play .	do those boys who the baby is calling play ?
some girls that had thought are seeing a baby .	are some girls that had thought seeing a baby ?
all dogs that all dogs have known are getting the boy .	are all dogs that all dogs have known getting the boy ?
all babies that some dogs are calling do think .	do all babies that some dogs are calling think ?
some girls that are talking have thought .	have some girls that are talking thought ?
the boy that did know all girls did see the baby .	did the boy that did know all girls see the baby ?
those babies that these babies have pushed are seeing all boys .	are those babies that these babies have pushed seeing all boys ?
the baby who is thinking is waiting .	is the baby who is thinking waiting ?
all babies who are thinking have known the girl .	have all babies who are thinking known the girl ?
a girl that the baby has gotten had known some boys .	had a girl that the baby has gotten known some boys ?
all girls that were getting all girls did know some babies .	did all girls that were getting all girls know some babies ?
the girl who some girls have known had seen the baby .	had the girl who some girls have known seen the baby ?
the boy who those girls were holding has sat .	has the boy who those girls were holding sat ?
some babies who those girls have gotten are thinking .	are some babies who those girls have gotten thinking ?
these babies that have played did think .	did these babies that have played think ?
some boys who a baby was seeing are seeing the girl .	are some boys who a baby was seeing seeing the girl ?
these babies that the boy had asked do think .	do these babies that the boy had asked think ?
the girl that some dogs are liking does get these girls .	does the girl that some dogs are liking get these girls ?
the baby who has gotten some dogs had stood .	had the baby who has gotten some dogs stood ?
the baby who has called the dog had waited .	had the baby who has called the dog waited ?
some babies that did think have thought .	have some babies that did think thought ?
the dog that the boy had gotten has seen some babies .	has the dog that the boy had gotten seen some babies ?
those babies who some boys have known are writing .	are those babies who some boys have known writing ?
those babies who some boys are seeing are seeing some girls .	are those babies who some boys are seeing seeing some girls ?
all boys who have known these girls are getting some girls .	are all boys who have known these girls getting some girls ?
a girl who all babies have helped is seeing a boy .	is a girl who all babies have helped seeing a boy ?
some dogs that the baby has seen have gotten the baby .	have some dogs that the baby has seen gotten the baby ?
the baby that some babies have seen did know some babies .	did the baby that some babies have seen know some babies ?
a girl who has gotten all boys did talk .	did a girl who has gotten all boys talk ?
the baby who a girl does like has known all boys .	has the baby who a girl does like known all boys ?
the boy that has thought did think .	did the boy that has thought think ?
the boy who some babies are seeing has stood .	has the boy who some babies are seeing stood ?
those boys who a boy was pushing have sat .	have those boys who a boy was pushing sat ?
some dogs that these girls do see have played .	have some dogs that these girls do see played ?
some girls who a baby does get are calling some dogs .	are some girls who a baby does get calling some dogs ?
the baby who some dogs do know is writing .	is the baby who some dogs do know writing ?
the boy that the dog is getting was writing .	was the boy that the dog is getting writing ?
all babies that a girl is seeing have gotten some boys .	have all babies that a girl is seeing gotten some boys ?
a baby who a boy has touched is playing .	is a baby who a boy has touched playing ?
all babies that the boy had gotten do talk .	do all babies that the boy had gotten talk ?
all boys who are liking the girl have seen all boys .	have all boys who are liking the girl seen all boys ?
the dog that the baby does like was sleeping .	was the dog that the baby does like sleeping ?
the boy that the baby does get has seen some dogs .	has the boy that the baby does get seen some dogs ?
those babies who these girls have seen are thinking .	are those babies who these girls have seen thinking ?
those babies that have seen all babies have played .	have those babies that have seen all babies played ?
the baby that did sleep had thought .	had the baby that did sleep thought ?
all babies that some babies did like have thought .	have all babies that some babies did like thought ?
a baby who the girl did get did sleep .	did a baby who the girl did get sleep ?
all girls that the girl did hold did think .	did all girls that the girl did hold think ?
these babies that the baby has gotten do think .	do these babies that the baby has gotten think ?
some babies that some babies have known have known the girl .	have some babies that some babies have known known the girl ?
the baby who those boys did see is writing .	is the baby who those boys did see writing ?
the baby who is standing is thinking .	is the baby who is standing thinking ?
the dog that some babies did see was seeing some babies .	was the dog that some babies did see seeing some babies ?
a girl that some girls do know is thinking .	is a girl that some girls do know thinking ?
the baby who all babies had gotten had thought .	had the baby who all babies had gotten thought ?
a boy who the boy did get has played .	has a boy who the boy did get played ?
the baby that the baby is seeing has held the boy .	has the baby that the baby is seeing held the boy ?
some girls who have thought have thought .	have some girls who have thought thought ?
some babies who have known some babies have seen the boy .	have some babies who have known some babies seen the boy ?
some boys that the dog did know have thought .	have some boys that the dog did know thought ?
some girls that do think do know the girl .	do some girls that do think know the girl ?
some babies who some babies have known do think .	do some babies who some babies have known think ?
a baby that is thinking has gotten a boy .	has a baby that is thinking gotten a boy ?
a baby that was thinking does play .	does a baby that was thinking play ?
the boy that all girls do get did hold some girls .	did the boy that all girls do get hold some girls ?
a baby who did get the baby has thought .	has a baby who did get the baby thought ?
the baby who has talked had thought .	had the baby who has talked thought ?
the dog that has seen the girl did know the girl .	did the dog that has seen the girl know the girl ?
a baby who did like some babies has thought .	has a baby who did like some babies thought ?
a baby that all babies have known did sit .	did a baby that all babies have known sit ?
a baby who does think is getting those girls .	is a baby who does think getting those girls ?
the boy who is crying had gotten the boy .	had the boy who is crying gotten the boy ?
all boys who those babies are asking do know those girls .	do all boys who those babies are asking know those girls ?
a girl who is sleeping did see some dogs .	did a girl who is sleeping see some dogs ?
all boys that do see all girls do think .	do all boys that do see all girls think ?
some boys who were playing have known those boys .	have some boys who were playing known those boys ?
the girl that those babies are seeing has called some babies .	has the girl that those babies are seeing called some babies ?
some babies that are thinking are sitting .	are some babies that are thinking sitting ?
a dog that the boy was liking did wait .	did a dog that the boy was liking wait ?
some boys who do think were calling all boys .	were some boys who do think calling all boys ?
the girl that is thinking did think .	did the girl that is thinking think ?
a baby that a baby did know is talking .	is a baby that a baby did know talking ?
the boy that some babies were getting is thinking .	is the boy that some babies were getting thinking ?
all babies that a dog has known have known all girls .	have all babies that a dog has known known all girls ?
the boy that all babies are seeing did think .	did the boy that all babies are seeing think ?
all girls that all girls have known do like the boy .	do all girls that all girls have known like the boy ?
all girls who do see some boys are playing .	are all girls who do see some boys playing ?
the baby that all babies are getting has seen a baby .	has the baby that all babies are getting seen a baby ?
a girl who is holding some girls did sleep .	did a girl who is holding some girls sleep ?
a baby who is liking some dogs is thinking .	is a baby who is liking some dogs thinking ?
the dog that did think has seen some girls .	has the dog that did think seen some girls ?
some boys that the dog has touched have known the baby .	have some boys that the dog has touched known the baby ?
these dogs that all babies are getting have seen the girl .	have these dogs that all babies are getting seen the girl ?
some boys that the baby did see are standing .	are some boys that the baby did see standing ?
a baby that a baby did get did think .	did a baby that a baby did get think ?
the baby that some dogs are liking does push the dog .	does the baby that some dogs are liking push the dog ?
these girls that do see all girls do see a boy .	do these girls that do see all girls see a boy ?
all babies that a baby does see have known the boy .	have all babies that a baby does see known the boy ?
the baby who the baby is liking is seeing a boy .	is the baby who the baby is liking seeing a boy ?
the boy that some dogs were seeing is getting all babies .	is the boy that some dogs were seeing getting all babies ?
the baby that the boy does see is thinking .	is the baby that the boy does see thinking ?
the boy that some boys do know was thinking .	was the boy that some boys do know thinking ?
the baby who had thought does think .	does the baby who had thought think ?
these babies that were touching some babies are seeing some babies .	are these babies that were touching some babies seeing some babies ?
all dogs that have seen a baby are playing .	are all dogs that have seen a baby playing ?
a girl that the boy did see did get some girls .	did a girl that the boy did see get some girls ?
the baby who is sitting was getting all girls .	was the baby who is sitting getting all girls ?
the dog that these girls did see is getting some boys .	is the dog that these girls did see getting some boys ?
all girls who do see a baby do know a baby .	do all girls who do see a baby know a baby ?
a dog that has played has seen the baby .	has a dog that has played seen the baby ?
a boy who a girl did see does get all babies .	does a boy who a girl did see get all babies ?
a baby that these dogs do know did play .	did a baby that these dogs do know play ?
